I'm not going in for the big security
thing like that I've just got a a
psychological doorbell to deter unwanted
gorlitz right because most doorbells are
quiet friendly on it
that's quite for anything and this was
quite friendly although not if you've
got an abduction complex
and so I've done up I use a cord
it's actually an interval I don't know
if you're down with musical terms an
interval so people go are brilliant
there are few no no an interval is a gap
between two notes like this
that's called a perfect fourth alright I
mean it's just a musical terms are
perfect it's alright as a perfect fifth
that's what I use a lot in Gregorian
chant you know what mysterious wouldn't
work with soap opera theme wouldn't work
with Coronation Street sounds like a big
legal let me turn it and lo the
Battersby's did smite the tills knees
cooked a walleye
so the cord I've gone for is a it's
actually an interval that was banned in
1545 at the Council of Trent which is a
religious conference and they deemed
that music had become too earthbound too
sexual
and they had to become more reverential
and in praise of God and one chord in
particular was bad this was called The
Devil's interval it's the Augmented
fourth or the diminished fifth depending
on your outlook on life
you're optimistic this is it hmm I'm
inflamed with sexual does and that is
highly effective as a door building
step away
Obadiah the devil dwells the day
that is a hope doorbell you just sit in
the malagant hope it comes the ring
removes the moon walk around food above
a beautiful animal